typescript/general: add automated comments (#1153)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/typescript/general/prefer_explicit_return_type.md

In order to guard against accidental changes, always define the `return` type

> for public API, such as functions that are `export`ed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for public APIs, such as functions that are `export`ed:
```

\`\`\`typescript
  ${'signature'}: <return-type> {}
\`\`\`

TypeScript is really good at type inference and will assign a `return` type to

> all functions. But accidental changes may change that inferred type, an it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all functions. But accidental changes may change that inferred type, and it
```

Author: Ha

> all functions. But accidental changes may change that inferred type, and the it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all functions. But accidental changes may change that inferred type, an it
```

may or may not cause a compilation error at the source of that change. Adding an

> explicit return type makes the compilation fail at the source.

Author: That is correct. Is this not worded properly?

For example: adding a return-type of `any` will _never_ make the compilation fail, under no circumstance. Adding a return-type of `string` will only make the compilation fail if you now return something that is not a string. Adding a return-type of `'foo' | 32` makes the compilation fail unless the value is _exactly_ `'foo'` or _exactly_ `32`.

> explicit return type makes the compilation fail at the source.

Reviewer 2: So then "makes" is not necessarily correct here, right?  Instead, we should use the word "may" as it is contingent upon the condition that the inferred type changes in a way that is incompatible?

> explicit return type makes the compilation fail at the source.

Author: You're absolutely right! Thanks :)
